---
title: "Deel REST API v2 Release"
slug: "v2"
excerpt: ""
hidden: true
createdAt: "Tue Sep 26 2023 13:34:24 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Mar 27 2025 09:42:42 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
To ensure that we continue to offer the best and most secure service, we are announcing  Version 2 (v2) of our API, available starting today. Version 2 comes with significant improvements, particularly in the area of security, to better serve your needs.

# What's New

**Transition to UUIDs**

A major shift is happening here. We're ditching numeric IDs for all resources and adopting UUIDs for all resources. This change will make the API more robust and secure.

**Accounting API**

A whole new accounting API is in the works to make it easy for you to interact with invoices and payments. 

**Webhooks**

A new version of webhooks will be available as well. The webhook payload will be sent UUIDs as well. 

# What's Staying the Same

**REST API**

Besides the changes mentioned in the previous section, no additional changes are being made to any endpoint. 

# Preview

API Version 2 is now accessible generally. All you have to do is replace 'v1' with 'v2' in the URL, and you can start testing immediately.

**Sample Request**

```shell
curl --location 'https://api.letsdeel.com/rest/v2/contracts' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer {token}'
```

# What's Next

Please plan your migration timeline accordingly. If you require technical assistance or have any concerns, our support team is ready to assist you.

## How to migrate

To ensure a seamless transition to Deel's upcoming API Version 2, the following steps provide a roadmap to navigate this shift effectively and efficiently.

1. Review new API v2 documentation for feature changes and updates.
2. Backup existing data and configurations related to Deel API v1.
3. Access the API v2 preview by replacing 'v1' with 'v2' in the URL.
4. Test changes in the test environment.
5. After successful testing, deploy changes to production and monitor system behavior.
